README.md, before:

# Python Script Manager

## Overview

The Python Script Manager is a user-friendly GUI application designed to simplify the management of Python scripts generated by AI chatbots like ChatGPT or Claude. This tool helps non-technical users easily create, run, update, and organize Python scripts without dealing with complex environment setups.

## Features

- Create and manage Python scripts with isolated virtual environments
- Generate AI prompts for script creation
- Run scripts with a single click, including as Administrator (in Windows)
- Update script content, requirements, and environment variables
- Archive unused scripts
- Supports multiple Python versions using pyenv

## Prerequisites

Before using the Script Manager, ensure you have the following installed:

- Python (3.9+)
- pyenv (for Python version management)
  - macOS: Install via Homebrew (`brew install pyenv`)
  - Linux: Follow pyenv installation instructions on GitHub
- make (for easily running commands)

### If using Windows

If you can, setup Ubuntu via WSL 2 to avoid the pain of running code on Windows.

Otherwise, use [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install). After installing Chocolately, you can install dependencies with it using an Administrator PowerShell window:

```cmd
choco install make
choco install python
choco install pyenv-win
```

## Getting Started

### 1. Generate a Script Prompt

1. Click the "Generate Prompt" button
2. Enter a one-line description of your task
3. Provide a detailed description
4. Generate the prompt
5. Copy the prompt to your clipboard
6. Paste the prompt into ChatGPT or Claude

### 2. Create a New Script

1. Click "Add Script"
2. Enter a name for your script
3. Specify the Python version you want to use
4. Paste the script content into the "Script Content" field
5. Add any required pip packages to the "Requirements" field
6. (Optional) Add environment variables
7. Click "Save and Create Environment"

### 3. Managing Scripts

#### Running a Script

- Click the "Run" button next to any script to execute it in a new terminal window
- Click the "⋯" menu, then click "Run as Administrator" to execute it with Administrator privileges

#### Updating a Script

- Use the "⋯" menu to:
  - Modify script content
  - Update requirements and rebuild the environment
  - Edit environment variables
  - Archive the script

### Archiving Scripts

- Use the "⋯" menu to archive scripts you no longer need
- Archived scripts are moved to `archived_scripts` and `archived_environments`

## Troubleshooting

- Ensure pyenv is installed and accessible
- Check that you have the specified Python version installed via pyenv
- Verify internet connectivity when installing requirements

## Best Practices

- Use descriptive script names
- Keep requirements files minimal and specific
- Store sensitive information in environment variables
- Archive scripts that are no longer in use

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md
Windows installation / pyenv instructions

README.md, after:

# Python Script Manager

## Overview

The Python Script Manager is a user-friendly GUI application designed to simplify the management of Python scripts generated by AI chatbots like ChatGPT or Claude. This tool helps non-technical users easily create, run, update, and organize Python scripts without dealing with complex environment setups.

## Features

- Create and manage Python scripts with isolated virtual environments
- Generate AI prompts for script creation
- Run scripts with a single click, including as Administrator (in Windows)
- Update script content, requirements, and environment variables
- Archive unused scripts
- Supports multiple Python versions using pyenv

## If using Windows

If you can, setup Ubuntu via WSL 2 to avoid the pain of running code on Windows.

Otherwise, use [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install). After installing Chocolately, you can install dependencies with it using an Administrator PowerShell window.

## Requirements

Before using the Script Manager, ensure you have the following installed:

**Python 3.9+**

**pyenv** (for Python version management)
- macOS: Install via Homebrew (`brew install pyenv`)
- Linux / WSL: Follow pyenv installation instructions on GitHub
- Windows: `choco install pyenv-win`
- Pyenv has some setup once successfully installed
  - Run `pyenv update` to update the list of available python distributions
  - Run `pyenv install 3.12.8` (or the version of your choice) as your "runner" version of Python. This will manage the creation of your virtual environments and run the app.
  - Run `pyenv global 3.12.8` (or the version you chose) to set the main Python version.

**make** (for easily running commands)
  - Windows: `choco install make`

## Getting Started

### 1. Generate a Script Prompt

1. Click the "Generate Prompt" button
2. Enter a one-line description of your task
3. Provide a detailed description
4. Generate the prompt
5. Copy the prompt to your clipboard
6. Paste the prompt into ChatGPT or Claude

### 2. Create a New Script

1. Click "Add Script"
2. Enter a name for your script
3. Specify the Python version you want to use
4. Paste the script content into the "Script Content" field
5. Add any required pip packages to the "Requirements" field
6. (Optional) Add environment variables
7. Click "Save and Create Environment"

### 3. Managing Scripts

#### Running a Script

- Click the "Run" button next to any script to execute it in a new terminal window
- Click the "⋯" menu, then click "Run as Administrator" to execute it with Administrator privileges

#### Updating a Script

- Use the "⋯" menu to:
  - Modify script content
  - Update requirements and rebuild the environment
  - Edit environment variables
  - Archive the script

### Archiving Scripts

- Use the "⋯" menu to archive scripts you no longer need
- Archived scripts are moved to `archived_scripts` and `archived_environments`

## Troubleshooting

- Ensure pyenv is installed and accessible
  - Run `pyenv update` to update pyenv's list of available python versions
  - You need to set a 
- Check that you have the specified Python version installed via pyenv
- Verify internet connectivity when installing requirements

## Best Practices

- Use descriptive script names
- Keep requirements files minimal and specific
- Store sensitive information in environment variables
- Archive scripts that are no longer in use
